okay so what I'm gonna do is just test
the strongest ionization and the way you
do that on the common is you just push
that strong acidic water and
interestingly enough out the top will
come alkaline even though it says strong
with sitting it's kind of a little
strange but the next thing I'm gonna
turn the Athena on I've already got the
power booster I just wanted okay I just
turn the athena off okay
I already have the power booster setting
I'm just miss showing you I already
changed it to six so that we're going to
get the strongest ionization here now my
guess is going to say that I'm not going
to get as strong for the athena at the
extremes at the drinking levels the
athena generally usually beats the magic
and not not in every case but on our
general average it does and but with
this strong it probably won't all right
well I'm gonna go ahead and pour it both
that both it but based on this level
alkaline okay and now I'm going to just
well spore no just an itch gifts on the
city water just getting some been a
champion and then I'll get
all right and I'm not gonna even bother
to test the ORP because you're not going
to drink the water at these extreme
levels and I don't want to really text
my ORP meter for something silly like
theme extremes all right so the an ajik
at the highest alkaline Co but it got
out yeah and that's really nice and
that's that's gonna be typical of the
imagine it's like eleven point six pH
just really awesome so let's see what
the Athena got and you know just as I
said isn't it just isn't quite as strong
but it's still very strong eleven point
three pH it's quite respectable and
strong pH that will emulsify oils it'll
do just you know just everything it's
fine all right now I'm going to test the
low acidic
okay so bein ajik is like coming in
about a 2.0 and then the thinner and the
Athene is not quite as strong as you
know it's coming about a 2.4